Patient Product Information

Spiritualized®

Ladies and gentlemen we are floating in space BP

Please read this leaflet carefully before you start to take your medicine. If you have any questions or are not sure about anything, ask your doctor or pharmacist.

Keep this leaflet in a safe place, you may want to read it again.

Produced, arranged and mixed by J. Spaceman.

What constitutes Spiritualized tablets?

01 Ladies and gentlemen we are floating in space  02 Come Together  03 I think I'm in love  04 All of my thoughts  05 Stay with me  06 Electricity  07 Home of the brave  08 The individual  09 Broken Heart  10 No God only religion  11 Cool Waves  12 Cop shoot cop...

What are the active ingredients of Spiritualized?

The tablets contain the following active ingredients in white tablets marked DEDLP 034.

Spaceman - Vocals, Fender Telecaster, Fender Jaguar, Vox Starstreamer, Gibson Firebird, Piano, Hammer Dulcimer, Autoharp.

Kate Radley - Vox Continental, Farfisa Compact, Roland D20, Piano, Vocals.

Sean Cook - Fender Jazzbass, Harmonica.

Damon Reece - Gretsch Round Badge, Percussion, Bells, Timpani.

John Coxon - Gibson Firebird, Fender Jaguar, Melodica, JD 800. Dr. John - Piano, Vocals. Alexander Balanescu - Violin. Clare Connors - Violin. Ed Coxon - Violin. Kathy Burgess - Viola. Sophie Harris - Cello. Angel Corpus Christi - Accordian. Andy Davis - Hammond. Simon Clarke - Flute, Baritone Saxophone. Tim Sanders - Tenor Saxaphone. Terry Edwards - Tenor Saxaphone. Roddie Lorimer - Trumpet, Flugelhorn. Neil Sidwell - Trombone. Tim Jones - French Horn. B.J. Cole - Pedal Steel. The London Community Gospel Choir.

Horns arranged by J. Spaceman, Simon Clark, Tim Sanders and Ed Coxon.

Strings arranged by J. Spaceman and Clare Connors.

Choir arranged by the Irreverend J. Spaceman and the Reverend Basil Hughes.

In each pack there are two tablets.



What is Spiritualized used for?

Spiritualized is used to treat the heart and soul.

What is the reccomended dose?

Play once, twice daily or as reccomended by your doctor or pharmacist.

When should you be extra careful while taking Spiritualized?

If you are taking any other medications, including those not prescribed by your doctor. This is extremely important, as using more than one medicine at the same time can strengthen or weaken the effect of the medicines.

If you drink alcohol or use recreational drugs.

Important: Spiritualized may effect your ability to drive or operate machinery, if affected you should not drive or operate machinery. This may be made worse if you take alcoholic drinks.

What should I do if I forget to take my tablet?

If you forget to take your tablet, take your next dose as soon as your remember. Then go on as before.

When and how does treatment with Spiritualized end?

Your doctor will advise you when to stop taking Spiritualized. After a few weeks it is worth trying to get by without it. This will help to prevent you becoming used to it and reduce the risk of dependence.

After a period of usage it is advisable to reduce the dosage gradually. Sometimes withdrawal effects occur if the intake of Spiritualized stops suddenly and these may be: difficulty sleeping, depression, nervousness, irritability, sweating and occasionally, fits.

In the unusual case where patients have taken Spiritualized for a long time, a longer period will be need over which the dosage will be reduced. Special help may be needed. Your doctor will be able to discuss this with you.

What are the possible side effects of Spiritualized?

You may become a little forgetful or experience memory loss.

Some of the effects of Spiritualized may last into the following day. These include sleepiness, unsteadiness and you may stagger when walking. Elderly people may become confused. If this happens tell your doctor and he/she may decide to change your dose.

In rare cases, sudden anxiety, delusions, excitation, sleep disturbances and amnesia may occur. If these symptoms occur, you must inform your doctor. He/she may want you to stop taking this medicine.

As with other medicines, some unwanted effects can occur. These may include: delerium, a sense of intoxication, visual and auditory hallucinations, euphoria, fever, cold sweats, slurred speech, numbness of the extremities, lack of co-ordination, stupor, memory loss, bloodshot eyes, mental detachment, paranoid psychosis, temporary paralysis, jerky eye movement, imbalance, sense of well being, purposeless movement, lethargy, dizziness, visual disturbances, palpitations, disorientation, confusion, personality change, arrhythmia and changes in the level of sexual desire.

Large doses can lead to loss of consciousness, convulsions or coma.

In cases where Spiritualized is used over a long period of time dependence may occus.

If you are concerned about these or any other effects, talk to your doctor.

What should I do if my symptoms presist?

Try the alternative medicines 'Lazer guided melodies' and 'Pure phase' available without prescription across the counter.

How should Spiritualized by stored?

Keep your tablets at room temperature, in a dry, safe place where children cannot see or reach them. Your tablets could harm.

Remember this medicine is for you. Only a doctor can prescribe it Never give it to others. It may harm them, even if their symptoms are the same as yours.

Further information

Recorded and mixed at Mole Studio - Bath, The Church, Rooster and The Strongroom Studios - Longon, House of Blues - Memphis, The Hit Factory - New York and A&M - Los Angeles.

Recording engineers - Darren Allison, Mads Bjerke, Trevor Curwen, Darren Nash, Carl Nappa.

Mix Engineers - Darren Allison, Mads Bjerke, Trevor Curwen, Chad Bamford, John Leckie, Pat McCarthy.

Assistant Engineers - Chad Bamford, Darren Nash, Patrick McGovern, Lem Lattimer, Chris Scard.

Post-production and editing - Mads Bjerke.  Mastered at Whitfield Street by Ray Staff.

Track 05 - Co-produced by J. Spaceman and John Coxon.

With special thanks to - Jim Dickinson, Terry Tolkin, Richie Lee, Mads Bjerke, Jan Brown, John Coxon, Ron Tovey, Paul and Caroline Leary, Parker, Phoebe, Rank and Elliot.

Dedicated to Rita and Briwn with love and gratitude.



Written by J. Spaceman. Published by Redemption Songs Ltd.





Date of preparation

March 1997



Concept - Farrow Design 1997. Design - Farrow Design/Spaceman 1997.